# Node View
Node View is a data visulization tool used to analyze bitcoin trasactions
# Setup
This assumes that you already have the project cloned
To setup the project you need the required installed:
- Neo4j for Desktop (Download [here](https://neo4j.com/download/))
- Python3
- Node.js

## Setup: Data
You will also need to download the required data files from Elliptic Data Set on [Kaggle.com](https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/ellipticco/elliptic-data-set). After downloading the required files copy them to the project directory:
```bash
/frontend/src/data/modified/
```
```cd``` into the same directory and run:
```bash
python3 script.py
```
This generates a ```data_final.json``` file that we will use to load our data into the database. The script also generates a ```metadata.csv``` file that you can use to see the aounts of nodes that have been generated by the script and their respective groups.

## Setup: Neo4j
Once you have Neo4j setup create a new project and a new database inside that project. Follow the directions below to setup the project for our uses:
1) Once the database is finished setting up click on it and a panel should open to the right. Click plugins and install APOC.
2) Click the three dots to the right of the database name and then click "Open folder" to open the configuration filse for the database. Make an ```apoc.conf``` file here with the following lines

    ```bash
    apoc.import.file.enabled=true
    apoc.import.file.use_neo4j_config=false
    ```
3) Open the Neo4j browser and run the following query

    ```
    CALL apoc.load.json("<PATH TO PROJECT>/frontend/src/data/modified/data_final.json")
    YIELD value
    UNWIND value.data as data
    MERGE (s:Transaction {id: data.id, timestep: data.timestep, group: data.group})
    WITH s, data
    UNWIND data.edges as edge
    MERGE (t:Transaction {id: edge.id, timestep: edge.timestep, group: edge.group})
    MERGE (s)-[:CONNECTED]->(t)
    ```
The data should now be loaded into the database. To verify, run
```
match (n)-[]->(m) return * limit 100
```

## Setup: Frontend
To setup the frontend using node:
1) `cd` into the frontend directory
2) To install the required dependancies run:
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```
   
3) Run the project with 

    ```bash
    npm start
    ```
If the project has been setup correctly and Neo4j is running, the app should open without error in your default browser

# Notes
Currently, the backend serves no purpose in the project due to a decision to change dataflow of the project during development. It is still part of the project for potential future use 